feat: skillset distribution plot (#76)
lamalab-org/chembench-paper: src/tex/appendix.tex

\normalsize

> In addition, as shown in \Cref{tab:cb_skillset} the \chembench corpus can be divided considering the different skills needed to solve the questions. The plot shows an even distribution of the required skills in the \chembench corpus. \Cref{tab:cb_skillset} shows an example question for each skill category.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, as shown in \Cref{tab:cb_skillset} the \chembench corpus can be divided considering the different skills needed to solve the questions. The plot shows a balanced distribution of the required skills in the \chembench corpus. \Cref{tab:cb_skillset} shows an example question for each skill category.

```

\begin{figure}
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{figures/CB_SKILL_FIG_V1.pdf}

>     \caption{\textbf{Composition of the required skills considered in the \ChemBench corpus.} The circular plot shows the distribution of required skills in the \chembench corpus.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \caption{\textbf{Composition of the required skills considered in the \chembench corpus.} The circular plot shows the distribution of required skills in the \chembench corpus.}
```

not sure if latex commands are case insensitive
